# ABSTRACT

In our Country, even though it has super power and an economic development, but still there are many crimes against women not only physically but also through social media channels. The safety of women is a concern of increasing urgency in India and other countries. The primary issue in the handling of these cases by the police lies in constraints preventing them from responding quickly to calls of distress. These constraints include not knowing the location of the crime, and not knowing the crime is occurring at all: at the victim's end, reaching the police assuredly and discreetly is a challenge. The atrocities against the women can be brought to an end with the help of our product "FEMZO". This device is a security system, specially designed for women in distress.
                            Our product basically helps the victim to file a complaint and immediately she will be assisted by the organizations. To verify the gender of the user the system inquires them to upload any Government Identity Proof. Also, on an emergency note the victim can have a conversation with the organization. Users can list out all the tactics shown in the website, which will be helpful for them in uncertain times. They can locate the help centres and can get the details of them. A Chatbot is provided in the system for user’s queries. The system consists of this special feature where the user can enter the destination and it will predict and will intimate whether the place is safe or not. Once the victim files the complaint a confirmation message will sent to the victim’s registered email address.
